c api: Introduce C/C++ specific handling of public enums. (#9915)
cvc5/cvc5: NEWS.md

- API: Simplified the `Solver::mkTuple` method. The sorts of the elements no longer
       need to be provided.
- Support for timeout cores
  * API: New API function `Solver::getTimeoutCore()` when applicable
    returns a subset of the current assertions that cause the solver to timeout
    without a provided timeout (option `--timeout-core-timeout`).
  * SMT-LIB: New command `(get-timeout-core)` which invokes the above method.
- Support for new interfaces to the SyGuS solver.
  * API: New API function `Solver::findSynth` which takes an identifier
    specifying a target term to synthesize and (optionally) a grammar. This
    method can be used to directly enumerate terms in a provided grammar

>     (`FIND_SYNTH_TARGET_ENUM`), or as a way of finding other terms of interest,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (`FindSynthTarget::ENUM`), or as a way of finding other terms of interest,
```

    e.g. a rewrite rule that is applicable to the current set of assertions

>     (`FIND_SYNTH_TARGET_REWRITE_INPUT`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (`FindSynthTarget::REWRITE_INPUT`).
```

  - API: New API function `Solver::findSynthNext` which gets the next term
    in the enumeration.

>   * SMT-LIB: New commands `find-synth` and `find-synth-next` which invoke the

Reviewer: Also change the bullet on line 25.
